{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green93\blue173;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c45098\c73333;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-roman\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh14720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Terms of Service\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Last Updated on November 27, 2012
\b0 . These terms and conditions are effective immediately for those registering accounts after that date and will become effective December 27, 2012 for those with pre-existing accounts. To review the previous terms, please click here.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 These terms and conditions (the\'a0
\b "Terms"
\b0 ) govern your access to and use of FoodHaus's websites and mobile applications that link to or reference these Terms (
\b "Site"
\b0 ). By accessing or using the Site, you are agreeing to these Terms and concluding a legally binding contract with FoodHaus Inc., (
\b "FoodHaus"
\b0 ). Do not access or use the Site if you are unwilling or unable to be bound by the Terms.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 DEFINITIONS\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl367\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Parties\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 "You"
\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\b "your"
\b0 \'a0refer to you, as a user of the Site. A\'a0
\b "user"
\b0 \'a0is someone who accesses, browses, crawls, scrapes, or in any way uses the Site.\'a0
\b "We,"
\b0 \'a0
\b "us,"
\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\b "our"
\b0 \'a0refer to FoodHaus.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Content\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 "Content"
\b0 \'a0means text, images, photos, audio, video, location data, and all other forms of data or communication.\'a0
\b "Your Content"
\b0 \'a0means Content that you submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site, such as ratings, reviews, compliments, invitations, check-ins, messages, and information that you publicly display or displayed in your account profile.\'a0
\b "User Content"
\b0 \'a0means Content that users submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site.\'a0
\b "FoodHaus Content"
\b0 \'a0means Content that we create and make available in connection with the Site.\'a0
\b "Third Party Content"
\b0 \'a0means Content that originates from parties other than FoodHaus or its users, which is made available in connection with the Site.\'a0
\b "Site Content"
\b0 \'a0means all of the Content that is made available in connection with the Site, including Your Content, User Content, Third Party Content, and FoodHaus Content.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 We may modify the Terms from time to time. The most current version of these Terms will be located here. You understand and agree that your access to or use of the Site is governed by the Terms effective at the time of your access to or use of the Site. If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes. We will also indicate at the top of this page the date that revisions were last made. You should revisit these Terms on a regular basis as revised versions will be binding on you. Any such modification will be effective upon our posting of new Terms.\'a0
\b You understand and agree that your continued access to or use of the Site after the effective date of modifications to the Terms indicates your acceptance of the modifications.
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TRANSLATION\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 We may translate these Terms into other languages for your convenience. Nevertheless, the English version governs your relationship with FoodHaus, and any inconsistencies among the different versions will be resolved in favor of the English version.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 USING THE SITE\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl367\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Eligibility\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into these Terms. You may not access or use the Site if you are a competitor of ours or if we have previously banned you from the Site or closed your account.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Permission to Use the Site\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 We grant you permission to use the Site subject to the restrictions in these Terms. Your use of the Site is at your own risk, including the risk that you might be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, objectionable, or otherwise inappropriate.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	C.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Site Availability\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 The Site may be modified, updated, interrupted, suspended or discontinued at any time without notice or liability.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	D.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 User Accounts\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 You must create an account and provide certain information about yourself in order to use some of the features that are offered through the Site. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password. You are also responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. We reserve the right to close your account at any time for any or no reason.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Your account is for your personal, non-commercial use only. In creating it, we ask that you provide complete and accurate information about yourself to bolster your credibility as a contributor to the Site. You may not impersonate someone else (e.g., adopt the identity of a celebrity or your next-door neighbor), create or use an account for anyone other than yourself, provide an email address other than your own, or create multiple accounts. If you use a pseudonym, take care to note that others may still be able to identify you if, for example, you include identifying information in your reviews, use the same account information on other sites, or allow other sites to share information about you with FoodHaus. Please read our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Privacy Policy\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0for more information.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	E.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Communications from FoodHaus and other Users\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 By creating an account, you agree to receive certain communications in connection with the Site. For example, you might receive compliments or friend requests from other Users. You will also receive our weekly e-mail newsletter about happenings in your neighborhood. You can opt-out of non-essential communications\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 here\cf2 \strokec2 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CONTENT\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl367\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Responsibility for Your Content\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 You alone are responsible for Your Content, and once published, it cannot always be withdrawn. You assume all risks associated with Your Content, including anyone's reliance on its quality, accuracy, or reliability, or any disclosure by you of information in Your Content that makes you personally identifiable. You represent that you own, or have the necessary permissions to use and authorize the use of Your Content as described herein. You may not imply that Your Content is in any way sponsored or endorsed by FoodHaus.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You may expose yourself to liability if, for example, Your Content contains material that is false, intentionally misleading, or defamatory; violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; contains material that is unlawful, including illegal hate speech or pornography; exploits or otherwise harms minors; or violates or advocates the violation of any law or regulation.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Our Right to Use Your Content\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 We may use Your Content in a number of different ways, including publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do the same in connection with their own websites and media platforms (
\b "Other Media"
\b0 ). As such, you hereby irrevocably grant us world-wide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, sublicensable, transferable rights to use Your Content for any purpose. Please note that you also irrevocably grant the users of the Site and any Other Media the right to access Your Content in connection with their use of the Site and any Other Media. Finally, you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against FoodHaus and its users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content. By "use" we mean use, copy, publicly perform and display, reproduce, distribute, modify, translate, remove, analyze, commercialize, and prepare derivative works of Your Content.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	C.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ownership\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 As between you and FoodHaus, you own Your Content. We own the FoodHaus Content, including but not limited to visual interfaces, interactive features, graphics, design, compilation, including, but not limited to, our compilation of User Content and other Site Content, computer code, products, software, aggregate user review ratings, and all other elements and components of the Site excluding Your Content, User Content and Third Party Content. We also own the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other intellectual and proprietary rights throughout the world (
\b "IP Rights"
\b0 ) associated with the FoodHaus Content and the Site, which are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, trademark laws and all other applicable intellectual and proprietary rights and laws. As such, you may not modify, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display or in any way exploit any of the FoodHaus Content in whole or in part except as expressly authorized by us. Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, we do not grant you any express or implied rights, and all rights in and to the Site and the FoodHaus Content are retained by us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	D.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Advertising\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 FoodHaus and its licensees may publicly display advertisements and other information adjacent to or included with Your Content. You are not entitled to any compensation for such advertisements. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising are subject to change without specific notice to you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	E.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Content Feeds\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 We make some of the Site Content (
\b "Feed Content"
\b0 ) available via Real Simple Syndication and Atom feeds (
\b "Feeds"
\b0 ). You may access and use the Feeds in order to display Feed Content on your personal computer, website, or blog (
\b "Your Site"
\b0 ), provided that (i) your use of the Feeds is for personal, non-commercial purposes only, (ii) your display of the Feed Content links back to the relevant pages on FoodHaus's websites, and attributes FoodHaus as the source of the Feed Content, (iii) your use or display of the Feed Content does not suggest that FoodHaus promotes or endorses any third party causes, ideas, websites, products or services, including Your Site, (iv) you do not redistribute the Feed Content, and (v) your use of the Feeds does not overburden FoodHaus's systems. FoodHaus reserves all rights in the Feed Content and may terminate the Feeds at any time. Please select "Partnerships" on our contacts page\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 here\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0to inquire about other possible uses of the Feeds.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	F.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Other\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 User Content (including any that may have been created by users employed or contracted by FoodHaus) does not necessarily reflect the opinion of FoodHaus. We reserve the right to remove, screen, edit, or reinstate User Content from time to time at our sole discretion for any reason or no reason, and without notice to you. For example, we may remove a review if we believe it violates our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Content Guidelines\cf2 \strokec2 . We have no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of Your Content, nor do we guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Your Content.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 RESTRICTIONS\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 We are under no obligation to enforce the Terms on your behalf against another user. While we encourage you to let us know if you believe another user has violated the Terms, we reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action at our sole discretion.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl367\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to use the Site to:\cb1 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl320\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	i.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Violate our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Content Guidelines\cf2 \strokec2 , for example, by writing a fake or defamatory review, trading reviews with other businesses, or compensating someone or being compensated to write or remove a review;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	ii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Violate any third party's rights, including any breach of confidence, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	iii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Threaten, stalk, harm, or harass others, or promote bigotry or discrimination;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	iv.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Promote a business or other commercial venture or event, or otherwise use the Site for commercial purposes, except in connection with a Business Account and as expressly permitted by FoodHaus;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	v.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Send bulk emails, surveys, or other mass messaging, whether commercial in nature or not; engage in keyword spamming, or otherwise attempt to manipulate the Site's search results or any third party website;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	vi.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Solicit personal information from minors, or submit or transmit pornography; or\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	vii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Violate any applicable law.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl367\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You also agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to:\cb1 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl320\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	i.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Violate the Terms;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	ii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Modify, adapt, appropriate, reproduce, distribute, translate, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display, sell, trade, or in any way exploit the Site or Site Content (other than Your Content), except as expressly authorized by FoodHaus;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	iii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index any portion of the Site or any Site Content;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	iv.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reverse engineer any portion of the Site;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	v.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice that appears on any portion of the Site or on any materials printed or copied from the Site;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	vi.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Record, process, or mine information about other users;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	vii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Access, retrieve or index any portion of the Site for purposes of constructing or populating a searchable database of business reviews;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	viii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reformat or frame any portion of the Site;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	ix.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on FoodHaus's technology infrastructure or otherwise make excessive traffic demands of the Site;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	x.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, user accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Site through hacking, password mining or any other means;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	xi.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use the Site or any Site Content to transmit any computer viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses or other items of a destructive nature (collectively,\'a0
\b "Viruses"
\b0 );\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	xii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	xiii.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use the Site to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes; disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Site or Site Content; or\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	xiv.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of the Site, features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of Site Content, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Site.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	C.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The restrictions above only apply to the extent permissible under applicable law. Nevertheless, you agree not to act contrary to them (even if permissible under applicable law) without providing 30 days' prior written notice to us\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 here\cf2 \strokec2 , together with any information that we may reasonably require to give us an opportunity to provide alternative remedies or otherwise accommodate you at our sole discretion.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 GUIDELINES AND POLICIES\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl367\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Content Guidelines\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 You represent that you have read and understood our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Content Guidelines\cf2 \strokec2 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 You represent that you have read and understood our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Privacy Policy\cf2 \strokec2 . Note that we may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good faith belief that such a disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (ii) enforce or apply our Terms and Privacy Policy; (iii) comply with legal process or other government inquiry, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; or (iv) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. If you use the Site outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	C.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Copyright And Trademark Disputes\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Please see our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Infringement Policy\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0for information about copyright and trademark disputes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	D.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Events\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cb3 Please see our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Event Terms and Conditions\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0for information about events listed on or linked to on the Site. You represent that you have read and understood them.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 FoodHaus DEALS AND FoodHaus ADVERTISING\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 If you purchase a FoodHaus Deal or Gift Certificate, the terms of your purchase will be governed by the FoodHaus General Terms for Deals and Certificates. Please review them before you make each purchase since they may change from time to time. In the event of any conflict between the FoodHaus General Terms for Deals and Certificates and these Terms, the FoodHaus General Terms for Deals and Certificates will prevail.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Similarly, if you create a business owner's account on the Site or purchase advertising from FoodHaus, the FoodHaus Advertising Agreement will apply. In the event of any conflict between the FoodHaus Advertising Agreement and these Terms, the FoodHaus Advertising Agreement will prevail.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SUGGESTIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 By sending us any ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals (
\b "Feedback"
\b0 ), you agree that (i) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of third parties, (ii) we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback, (iii) we may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development, and (iv) you grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, distribute and sublicense the Feedback, and you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against FoodHaus and its users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such Feedback.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 THIRD PARTIES\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 The Site may include links to other websites or applications (each, a\'a0
\b "Third Party Site"
\b0 ). We do not control or endorse any Third Party Site. You agree that we are not responsible for the availability or contents of such Third Party Sites. Your use of Third Party Sites is at your own risk.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Some of the services made available through the Site may be subject to additional third party or open source licensing terms and disclosures, including the ones posted\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 here\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0and incorporated herein by reference.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 INDEMNITY\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold FoodHaus, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, any related companies, suppliers, licensors and partners, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them (collectively, the "
\b FoodHaus Entities
\b0 ") harmless, including costs, liabilities and legal fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party arising out of or relating to (i) your access to or use of the Site, (ii) your violation of the Terms, (iii) any products or services purchased or obtained by you in connection with the Site, or (iv) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. FoodHaus reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any such matter without the prior written consent of FoodHaus. FoodHaus will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 \cb3 PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY SINCE IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF THE FoodHaus ENTITIES TO YOU. EACH OF THE SUBSECTIONS BELOW ONLY APPLIES UP TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. NOTHING HEREIN IS INTENDED TO LIMIT ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY LIMITED. IF YOU ARE UNSURE ABOUT THIS OR ANY OTHER SECTION OF THESE TERMS, PLEASE CONSULT WITH A LEGAL PROFESSIONAL PRIOR TO ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THIS SECTION. YOU ARE GIVING UP SUBSTANTIAL LEGAL RIGHTS BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS.
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 THE SITE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH THE EXPRESS UNDERSTANDING THAT THE FoodHaus ENTITIES MAY NOT MONITOR, CONTROL, OR VET USER CONTENT. AS SUCH, YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. THE FoodHaus ENTITIES MAKE NO CLAIMS OR PROMISES ABOUT THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE SITE, ITS SAFETY OR SECURITY, OR THE SITE CONTENT. ACCORDINGLY, THE FoodHaus ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE, FOR EXAMPLE, FROM THE SITE'S INOPERABILITY, UNAVAILABILITY OR SECURITY VULNERABILITIES OR FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE BUSINESS LISTINGS, RATINGS, REVIEWS (INCLUDING THEIR CONTENT, ORDER, AND DISPLAY), OR METRICS FOUND ON, USED ON, OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 THE FoodHaus ENTITIES MAKE NO CLAIMS OR PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY, SUCH AS THE BUSINESSES OR ADVERTISERS LISTED ON THE SITE OR THE SITE'S USERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE FoodHaus ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE FROM THEIR ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS, INCLUDING, FOR EXAMPLE, IF ANOTHER USER OR BUSINESS MISUSES YOUR CONTENT, IDENTITY OR PERSONAL INFORMATION, OR IF YOU HAVE A NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE WITH ONE OF THE BUSINESSES OR ADVERTISERS LISTED OR FEATURED ON THE SITE. YOUR PURCHASE AND USE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	C.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 THE FoodHaus ENTITIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES AS TO THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY BUSINESSES LISTED ON THE SITE, AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED TO YOU BY A REPRESENTATIVE OF ONE OF THE FoodHaus ENTITIES SHALL CREATE A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	D.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RIGHT AND REMEDY IN CASE OF DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, RELATED SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER GRIEVANCE SHALL BE YOUR TERMINATION AND DISCONTINUATION OF ACCESS TO, OR USE OF THE SITE.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	E.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 THE FoodHaus ENTITIES' MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT YOU SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR THESE TERMS IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (i) THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO THE FoodHaus ENTITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY, OR (ii) $100.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	F.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 THE FoodHaus ENTITIES DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY (i) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, (ii) LOSS OF PROFITS, (iii) BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, (iv) REPUTATIONAL HARM, OR (v) LOSS OF INFORMATION OR DATA.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 California law will govern these Terms, as well as any claim, cause of action or dispute that might arise between you and FoodHaus (a\'a0
\b "Claim"
\b0 ), without regard to conflict of law provisions. FOR ANY CLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY, YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT AND CONSENT TO THE PERSONAL AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED WITHIN SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TERMINATION\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You may terminate the Terms at any time by closing your account, discontinuing your use of the Site, and providing FoodHaus with a notice of termination\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 here\cf2 \strokec2 . Please review our\'a0\cf4 \strokec4 Privacy Policy\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0for information about what we do with your account when terminated.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We may close your account, suspend your ability to use certain portions of the Site, and/or ban you altogether from the Site for any or no reason, and without notice or liability of any kind. Any such action could prevent you from accessing your account, the Site, Your Content, Site Content, or any other related information.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	C.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the event of any termination of these Terms, whether by you or us, Sections 1, 5, 6, 10 - 14 will continue in full force and effect, including our right to use Your Content as detailed in Section 5.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl411\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	15.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 GENERAL TERMS\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	A.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We reserve the right to modify, update, or discontinue the Site at our sole discretion, at any time, for any or no reason, and without notice or liability.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	B.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms by email, regular mail or communications through the Site.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	C.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Except as otherwise stated in Section 10 above, nothing herein is intended, nor will be deemed, to confer rights or remedies upon any third party.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	D.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Terms contain the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site, and supersede any prior agreement between you and us on such subject matter. The parties acknowledge that no reliance is placed on any representation made but not expressly contained in these Terms.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	E.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Any failure on FoodHaus's part to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	F.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If any provision of the Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, then only that provision shall be modified to reflect the parties' intention or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	G.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Terms, and any rights or obligations hereunder, are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with FoodHaus's prior written consent, but may be assigned or transferred by us without restriction. Any attempted assignment by you shall violate these Terms and be void.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	H.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Copyright \'a9 2018 FoodHaus Inc.}